Strategic Plan Focus Area:
Not Applicable 
Subject: PUBLIC HEARING: Ordinance No. 2026.002: Relating to Development; approving a rezoning of
approximately 300.5 acres of land located west of Interstate 10 along North Luckett Road and just
south of the Pinal County line in a portion of Section 1, Township 11, Range 10E, from R-144
(Residential) to SP (Specific Plan), creating the Luckett Road North Specific Plan; and approving a
minor amendment to the General Plan amending the land use category from Employment to
Master Planned Area (Jason Angell)
Resolution No. 2026-005: Relating to Development; declaring as a public record filed with the
Town Clerk the Luckett Road North Specific Plan adopted by Ordinance No. 2026.002 (Jason
Angell)
Discussion:
Request
Lazarus and Silvyn, PC, representing the property owner, the Corporation of the Presiding Bishop of The Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, is requesting approval of the Luckett Road North Specific Plan, to
rezone approximately 300.5 acres of land from R-144 (Residential) to SP (Specific Plan). The
proposed rezoning is accompanied by a request for a minor amendment to the Marana General Plan
Land Use category designation from Employment to Master Planned Area.   
Marana 2040 General Plan
The 2040 Marana General Plan designates the future land use of the area proposed to be rezoned as
Employment. A minor amendment to the General Plan accompanies this rezoning proposal to change
the designation to Master Planned Area. 
Surrounding Land Use and Zoning
The property located to the west has the same owner; it is currently farmed and is also used for solar
energy production and storage. The property is also being farmed to the south and a similar
rezoning has been proposed for a data center development in conjunction with this
application. Property to the north, which lies in Pinal County, is
home to an existing sand and gravel mining operation.  The Arizona Veteran's Memorial Cemetery is
located to the east; this site contains several structures.  Zoning to the north in Pinal County is
industrial, while land in all other directions has a rural residential zoning designation.
Proposed Land Use
The site is proposed to be used as a data center in conformance with section 17-6-13 of the Marana
Town Code. Data centers are specialized facilities designed to house computer systems, servers, and
related hardware that store, process, and manage vast amounts of digital information. Related
infrastructure improvements, including a substation, drainage improvements, and street and utility
extensions are also proposed.
Access and Circulation
The site will be accessed via two driveways on Luckett Road on the east side of the property.  A
proposed extension of Luckett Road to the north to Pinal Airpark Road will provide regional access and
a direct route to US I-10.
Utilities
The Marana Town Code requires estimates of future energy and water needs, as well as commitments
from utility providers.  A 2.25-mile waterline extension for potable water is proposed to be constructed
from the site to the intersection of Wentz and Sagebrush Road, where the existing waterline ends. 
Industrial, irrigation, and fire water supply will be withdrawn from the adjacent CMID irrigation canal.
A new 2-mile force sewer main is proposed to be constructed within the Luckett Road right-of-way
south to where Luckett intersects with Sagebrush Road.  A sewer lift station will also be required to
reach the existing sewer main at Sagebrush.
The project will need an estimated 550 to 750 megawatts of power at full build-out. The applicant is
currently engaged with Trico Electric to ensure a future energy supply.
Fire Service
The property is located within the Avra Valley Fire District.  A water storage tank and booster station will
be installed as part of this project.
Citizen Participation
A neighborhood meeting was held virtually via Microsoft Teams on November 19th at 6:00 PM; there
were approximately ten neighbors present.  An overview of the project was given.  The only question
that arose was regarding the expected opening date.  The applicant indicated that the anticipated
opening would be in either 2028 or 2029.
Public Notification
This public hearing was noticed in The Daily Territorial newspaper, and all property owners within 300
feet of the rezoning area were noticed by United States Mail of the date, time, and topic of the public
hearing.  Additional notice was posted at the property, various locations within the community and on
the Town's website. 
Case Analysis Review Criteria
The applicant has satisfied the requirements of section 17-4-15 of the Town Code, which outlines the
necessary contents of a specific plan.  The applicant has also addressed the requirements for data
centers found in section 17-6-13(B) of the Town Code, including the provision of a baseline noise study,
identification of the intended sources of water and electric, and an assessment of future water and energy needs.
Pursuant to Town Code section 17-3-1(D), the Planning Commission and Town Council shall also
consider the following questions, at a minimum, in reviewing an application for rezoning:
1. Any change of character in the area due to installation of public facilities, other zone changes, new
growth trends, deterioration, and development;
Based upon the requirements in the Town Code and the proposed conditions, the rezoning amendment does not appear to be
detrimental to the character of the area due to installation of public facilities or any changes associated with the rezoning.
2. The degree to which the proposed zoning will benefit the community; whether there will be benefits
derived by the community, or area, by granting the proposed rezoning;
Based upon the requirements of the Town Code and the recommended conditions, this rezoning will benefit the community by
providing the extension of streets, utilities, and drainage infrastructure.
3. Whether the proposed rezoning is compatible with the surrounding area or whether there will be
adverse impacts on the capacity or safety of the portion of street network influenced by the rezoning,
parking problems, or environmental impacts that the new use will generate such as excessive
storm runoff, water, air, or noise pollution, excessive nighttime lighting, or other nuisances;
Based upon the requirements in the Town Code and the recommended conditions, the proposed rezoning is compatible with
the surrounding area, and any potential impacts will be mitigated with the extension of public infrastructure and noise
attenuation.
4. Whether the proposal conforms with and is in furtherance of the implementation of the goals and
policies of the general plan, other adopted plans, and the goals, objectives and policies of the land
development code, and other town regulations and guidelines, including goals and policies relating to
economic development;
With the acceptance of the recommended conditions and the approval of the accompanying minor General Plan Amendment
from Employment to Master Planned Area, the rezoning amendment conforms with the goals and policies of the general plan,
the land development code, and other town regulations and guidelines. 
5. The zoning districts and existing land uses of the surrounding properties;
Considering its location, and based upon the requirements of the Town Code and recommended conditions, the proposed
rezoning is compatible with the existing zoning and uses of surrounding properties .
6. Whether the existing and proposed transportation infrastructure is suitable and adequate to serve the
traffic anticipated to be generated by the proposed development:
With the acceptance of the recommended conditions and considering the proposed infrastructure improvements, the existing
and proposed transportation infrastructure is suitable and adequate to serve the traffic anticipated to be generated by the
proposed development. 
7. Whether the existing and proposed utility infrastructure, public facilities, and public services are
